hey guys I'm making this video as a
thank you to all of you who have watched
any of my videos now in the next few
days I should be reaching a really great
landmark on my channel if I'm lucky I
should be hitting 1 million overall
video views now a million video views is
something that I just dream about when I
start my channel I thought I'd be
incredibly lucky to even get anywhere
near that amount of video views and now
that is about it happen I just can only
thank you guys so much and so to
celebrate me getting a million video
views in the next couple days I will be
doing a channel giveaway now the prize
for the giveaway I'm not too short on if
you do play FIFA on their ps3 it'll
probably be about 25,000 coins and if
you're on the Xbox or PC I'm not too
sure about what I can do if you hit any
suggestions in the comment section below
I will read all of them and try and
think of a good prize that you guys can
get now in order to win the giveaway all
you got to do is just in the comments
section below say who your favorite
player is on FIFA and why I think that
what so supposing I'm gonna say Gabriel
Agbonlahor because he's a total
overpowered beast in this game and you
guys just say whoever you want in the
comment section and I'll choose the
funniest or the one that I agree with in
the comment section below if you do
enter the giveaway it will be great if
you guys have subscribed to me and also
if you have any other suggestions put it
into the comment section below whether
it's for what I can give away any other
feedback on my channel and anything else
I guess thank you for watching this
video guys and I will be announcing the
winner of the giveaway in about a week
yeah let's say a week so on Sunday the
1st of July I will be announcing the
winner of this giveaway thanks a lot
guys for all of your support and I hope
that you enjoy what I make in the future
peace
you've got to defend well to win
football matches and they defended very
well here today you know that's